All of the files in the "Gnosis XML/Utilities" package may be
distributed on unlimited terms in unaltered form; and may be used in
their entirety without restriction as to purpose.  No warranty is made
to the suitability of any content of this package for any purpose, and
no liability is assumed by Gnosis Software, Inc, David Mertz, nor by any
other contributor to the package.

Most of the files in the package are additionally released to the public
domain, and no copyright claim is made to their content whatsoever.  In
other words, for that majority of files that are public domain, you may
chop them up as you like, derive works from them, incorporate them into
projects/products with other licenses, and in fact do anything you could
do with content of your own creation.  Giving credit and promoting
freedom shows good manners, but are not legal obligations.

A few of the files in the package are contractually mandated to remain
under copyright.  These include, but are not necessarily limited to,
articles published about the Gnosis XML/Utilities package or components
thereof.  Conceivably--but not at the moment of this writing--files
such as test cases, data files, or other documentation, will be included
that retains a copyright.  In general, I would rather simply release
these all to the public domain; but anything included that retains
copyright may still be used and distributed freely, just not altered (if
anyone want to pay me for my time in negotiating releases, let me know).

Any files retaining copyright will indicate this within the file itself,
in some form appropriate for the file type (e.g. as comments in source
code files; in a header line in text files).

David Mertz
Gnosis Software, Inc.
mertz@gnosis.cx
